---
layout: ../../layouts/MarkdownPostLayout.astro
title: 'Introduction: Enigma'
pubDate: '15 Jun 2025'
formattedDate: '2025-06-15'
description: 'This is the first post of _The Metamorphosis_.'
author: 'Florence Yuan'
image:
    url: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1528909257635-429e04fab8d4?w=900&auto=format&fit=crop"
    altText: 'An eye with a person inside'
tags: ["personal", "blogging", "intro"]
colors: [20, 50]
---

No Name’s Land
The sky was faint and blue and cloudless, and without weight as it drifted over the great flat sweeps of austere, barren land.  There was no vegetation apart from some scratchy shrubs that dotted the sandy earth here and there, and at the horizon, where all was hoary, they gathered in lean and lopsided lines into a strange triangular form, that at once could be some arcane symbol, like a pyramid with seductive, sun-baked bricks, or a stack of firewood that smoked at secret times and made enemies shudder in the night.  Or it could be nothing at all, thought Nick with his usual grimness as he trudged laboriously forward, dragging his limp leg behind him.  Just some odd shape nature had scratched into the sky.  A triviality, like so many things were when you resolved them fully.  Better to think of it as trivial than not, to avoid disappointments.  But the fact was, all this trivializing was a great lie.  Secretly, though sometimes he flung the thought out just for the thrill of it, Nick had made the triangle a goal of some sort, a shape to go at.  “Get at it, you got to get at it,” his father used to say as he smoked a cigarette on the porch wearing his gray starched suit; to appear formal, Nick used to think, to appear as though he meant it.  Get at it, repeated Nick now, rather listlessly.  Go at it now.
Then abruptly he stood still, snapping in his arms and legs and standing still as though in a military salute.  His bad leg began to tremble, but he kept it still with a soldier’s fortitude, while his eyes, suddenly moist and sensitive, tried to rove the landscape with a poet’s languor.  There is no use to hurry, he thought to himself, feigning carelessness.  It is nothing at all, nothing.  He would not keep trudging as though he was getting at something when he was not.  He was good at checking his urges, had been good at it since he had been a boy.  As a child he would sneak stares at a piece of candy for hours, stare so surreptitiously and so persistently he could almost convince himself that he’d tasted it, but would not allow himself to actually eat it.  It was a practice of endurance, an obsession in itself that he employed to control his other obsessions.  But in the end he always gave in.  Always did.  Couldn’t carry on till the end.  Didn’t have the will.
The landscape began to blur; too much water in his eyes.  He didn’t blink it away.  Instead he allowed the land and the shapes of the shrubs to contract and reduce and sway in broad swirls of diluted color.  He, Nick, was getting at it all, he announced to himself with exaggerated pomposity, trying to embellish the words in his mind.  But that didn’t sound right.  It must be his name.  Nick.  Too abrupt, too casual.  Even as a child he had disliked it.  When people called him by his name it always felt as though they were mocking him, somehow, and not taking him seriously.  So he learned to take himself seriously, and then the seriousness had become a habit, so much so that now, standing in the middle of bleak swathes of wasteland, he was still absorbed in the process of his thoughts, the slow pondering of his name, isolated from the sand and dirt mounds and the few twigs that interrupted the flow of the sky.  His name.  It felt so important, despite, or perhaps because of the acute loneliness of the land.  It was an anchor of sorts, a lone figment of fact whose significance was disproportionately large in a land of nothingness, for names, like these intangible vain truths, had always been an obsession for him.
Why be obsessed with it?  Because when you have exhausted all the other avenues of life, you can always come back to it, depend on your mind that you will get absorbed in it again.  Or maybe because it threw him back into his memories, murky and never-ending; names connecting the brief scenes, demarcating the images and somehow making them real.  Frowning, he trod his good foot heavily into the dirt and turned it round in shallow circles, remembering.  A chilly, overcast winter day came to mind, a day when names first became hateful to him, and somehow also exciting.  He had been perhaps eleven, wandering about the gray avenues of his neighborhood, kicking the gravel off the sidewalk as he went, and counting the panels in the fence.  It was the usual thing – he had always been melancholy and self-absorbed.  His afternoon walk was the time for his quiet musings, when he could revel in the loneliness of the clouds, the houses, the fences, and the vast mystery in the slight upward slope of the road made slippery by ice.  He would talk to himself as he counted and studied the world.  He would imagine himself as the philosopher with everything falling under his fingers and feet, and when he had to go up the road the crystals pressed hard into his feet and became real.
That day, he had been slow-walking up the slope, relishing a particular jolt when the road pressed to his feet, when suddenly, the profound mystique and loneliness he so cherished was shattered.  Raucous laughter burst out on the other end, for a moment just obscured by the rising road and the pale yellow houses.  And then down the slope bounded a gang of wild neighborhood boys, laughing and shouting and completely irreverent with their grimy cheeks ruddied by the wind and their patchy clothes flapping with a slapping noise that reminded Nick of brown mud and slimy fish.  He didn’t know them very well, but he did know that they lived on the bad side of town, among the bad kind of people, and when they went to school (the only one in town) they did the worst things possible.  And that very day, he knew quite well, the head-teacher Mrs. Beans had said quite specifically that they were to be in detention with Mrs. Rosie, for breaking things or stealing things he was not quite sure of.  Anyway they were to be in detention.  And somehow, sneaking furious glances at them, Nick had the urge to shout.  In general, Nick hated rules; hated school, hated teachers, hated their stupid rules.  But that day the urge to shout was beyond repression.  He was in a bad mood.  He was walking.  It was his afternoon of quiet.  So he shouted, in his thin reedy voice that embarrassed him the moment he began to speak.  But the boys had heard him.  The moment he began to shout they stopped, and the moment he stopped they were looking at him very peculiarly.  A moment later they had rounded up on him, and grinning, with their large, lopsided mouths and pale, remorseless eyes.  Just as he had been afraid, and wondering what they were going to do, they formed a circle around him and began to wave their arms and jiggle their legs and roll their eyes, in the most leering, grotesque manner, and all of a sudden burst into song, “Squealer, squealer, squealer!  Gonna squeal to the Beans, he is!  Squealer, squealer, squealer!  Gonna squeal, gonna squeal, gonna squeal!”
Nick could not quite remember how he managed to escape.  But he did eventually, and was thoroughly red-eared when he got home running, heading straight for his bedroom and throwing himself on the bed.  Never had he felt humiliation so acute; he felt as though he had died.  Well, what had he been?  Nick the philosopher, Nick the loner, Nick who was melancholy and serious?  All gone, gone!  He had a curious urge to cry, and immediately fisted his hands to check it.  God, he had not cried since he was a baby!  He did not go down to dinner, and when his parents and siblings ate and laughed downstairs he sat alone in his room, thinking about how terrible the world was and how lonely his soul, shut up in a room so small, so dark, and so miserable.  Eventually hunger got the better of him and he went downstairs, some hours later, to eat the cold stew his mother had saved for him.  It seemed a small indignity compared to the indignity he had suffered in the afternoon, when he had been called, by the most uncouth scoundrels barely older than himself, the Squealer.
It was a name he came to remember, at first because of his humiliation, and then later because of other allusions.  Most particularly because of pigs.  Yes, pigs.  When he was thirteen he watched a butcher kill one.  He did not know why he went to see it.  Some bet, maybe, a dare, or perhaps merely a tendency toward the macabre all young boys possessed at some point.  To put it briefly he went out of stupidity, but left with a profound disillusionment with life, a distaste of meat, and nausea roiling in his stomach.  The pig had not been killed straight-away, but had been held still while its blood was being let, blood trickling darkly down its rolls of fat and flesh, all while it kicked and squealed and squealed and squealed, the terror of the sound mingling with the terror of blood, and then eventually, as the squeals died down and the pig shuddered and was still, the terror of the Man.  And Nick was sickened by it.
When they ate dinner that night he declared he would never eat meat again.  His elder brother Ryan laughed at him, “What a sissy you are, Nick!  So what if it squeals?  It’s only a pig; I daresay it can’t even feel it!  Don’t tell me you are scared by a pig’s squeals!”  Then his father and sisters laughed, and his mother looked at him sympathetically enough but told him his brother was right, and that he had best grow up on such things.  “Right,” said Ryan, “If there’s anything off with old Nick it’s precisely that – he’s like an old man.  An old man who’s scared of pigs.”  Not of pigs, Nick had wanted to say, though glaring at his brother he said nothing.  Not of pigs, of Men.
A year later the country went into war, and Ryan enlisted.  In another year he was dead, and they brought him back wrapped in an enormous flag, so that they could not see his face.  “He lost too much blood.”  A nice doctor explained to his sobbing mother.  He had a fair face and a soft, gentle voice that mellowed even the sound of ‘blood’.  “Too much blood.  We could not save him.  I’m so sorry, madam.”  When they lowered Ryan into his coffin Nick wondered whether he had died with his eyes open or closed.  He wished Ryan had died with his eyes open, so that he could see the sky one last time.  Privately he thought Ryan had a much better death than the pig.  At least he was not cut up into little pieces and forced to stare up at the dingy ceiling of a butcher’s shop.  He could stare up at the sky.
His father died soon after.  Grief, the doctor said.  It was another doctor this time.  There seemed to be a lot of doctors about the house at the time.  Not merely their house, but around the country, he heard.  The country was at war.  Food began to be rationed and people perpetually shrouded in gloom and agitation.  Large posters adorned the streets, calling for young men to join the army, calling for victory.  Victory would come soon, said the president on the television, if every fit and able young man joined the war effort.  He had a very rough voice and liked to emphasize every word he said.  He liked to say that victory would come soon.
When Nick came of age the country was still at war.  He didn’t enlist, though military service had become almost compulsory.  He lay low; he hid behind excuses.  He had suffered from bouts of asthma as a child; he had a dead brother and a dead father, and five sisters and an ailing mother.  He went to great lengths to avoid the war.  He had to apply for a certificate every month, to prove that he wasn’t fit for service.  People who knew him thought how extraordinary it was that this boy who was so cynical and so melancholy could cling so selfishly and jealously onto life.  When they knew the truth they were disgusted, and turned away from him.  But Nick didn’t mind.  He had grown up to be lonelier and more melancholy than ever.  There was nothing in the world he cared about apart from his own life.  To guard it, selfishly and jealously, from the attack of the world was his sole mission.
Apart from applying for certificates he led a mostly idle life.  He worked three days a week at his family’s grocery store, and for the rest of the week he strolled in the park, fed the pigeons, and stared up at the sky.  Sky-gazing was a philosophy in himself, he felt, a philosophy so deep and yet so necessary that he could never tire of it.  The sky never judged or intersected with the human sphere down below, and yet in the very subtlety of its colors, its rain and its clouds it held the faintest turn of emotions that we rationalize in vain, turns that could only become explicable through silent contemplation, and without passion or fervor.
Dispassion, yes, that was the ideal human condition.  Only Nick was to lose it too with the passing of another few years, during which he grew satirical, and as a consequence given to passions.  He began to be ambitious; he began to grow tired of working in the grocery shop, even of his strolls in the park.  He wanted more of his life.  He began to think of goals other than the avoidance of the disaster that was the war.  Since he had always been literary, he decided to go into journalism.  He contacted a small paper in his hometown, and a few days later sat down with its chief editor, a thin, balding man with excitable eyes and a childishness that belied his age.  They were a relatively new paper, the editor explained, and the sales were not good.  However, there was future – yes, future!  – in the satirical form he believed.  Something bombastic.  Energetic, that would really appeal to the readers.  Nick agreed wholeheartedly, and by the end of the meeting he was contracted to contribute a small piece to the paper’s satire column for a moderate, if not handsome fee.  That day, with his hands tucked into his pockets, he walked home with a rather happier spring in his step.  The war posters that lined the streets did not bother him; he found them merely amusing, caricatured.  He smiled at the somber-looking children waiting in a line for food.  He was mildly embarrassed when a woman suddenly burst into tears and wailed about her dead son.  He smiled again when the sun emerged, quite unwarranted, from behind the clouds.  Years of cynicism had made him impervious to suffering.  He was proud of it, because he felt that it was an armor more powerful than his government certificates, handed to him grudgingly by a shriveled-looking clerk with disapproving eyes.  He laughed at the idea that a man living in the times must feel with the times.  And he had a name for it now – satirical journalism.
That night he sat down to work on his first journalistic piece.  He did not begin immediately.  He sat and thought about the war.  He thought of his dead brother and his dead father, the men perishing on the front lines and the little children perishing of hunger, poetic expressions of a desperate era.  He steadily worked himself into a suitable state of rage, and angry words followed and filled the page, lamenting the misery of war, the ineptitude of the government, the hollow words and lack of action of the president, the scores of people sacrificed for nothing.  At the end of it he was rather pleased.  At a whim he also decided to include a cartoon of his own design.  He was rather sloppy at drawing, but when he worked that night with his pen and his angry mind the drawing came naturally.  It was a picture of a mother pig butchering a piglet.  He had heard the story before – apparently a mad sow would murder her piglets.  But he made it particularly dark and macabre.  There was a lot of blood, characterized by fast, dense black lines.  Somehow the mother pig bore an uncanny resemblance to the president.
The next morning he took it personally to the editor.  The editor read it, and was terribly excited.  “Now, that’s just what we need!” he said, nodding and smacking his lips, his little watery eyes blinking enthusiastically.  “Just the passion and the satire that we need, Nick!  With the war and everything going on, somebody’s going to need a pair of eyes, and better sharp eyes than not!  Well, well done!  Yes, of course.  It shall be published in Monday’s paper, of course!  The satire column, Monday morning.  Well done, well done!”
Naturally Nick was excited about Monday morning.  It was one thing to write and quite another to see one’s name in print, and the latter was certainly more gratifying.  The public opinion, though generally dull and uninteresting to him, had suddenly grown in mystique and stature.  Eagerly Nick anticipated it.  What he did not anticipate was the sudden arrival of uniformed policemen at his door, announcing his arrest with perfect dispassion.  Neither could he have anticipated that within several hours, he would be charged with treason and immoral propaganda.  The youthful-voiced, watery-eyed little editor looked sternly across at him all through his interrogation.  He was certainly no editor.  Calmly he provided evidence for the prosecution, with a certain satisfaction in his voice that Nick considered perfectly ridiculous.  But of course, as the officer was kind enough to remind Nick, his article was only the last straw, not quite his only offense.  It was bad enough, of course, and yet…  Sighing deeply and shaking his gray head, the officer cited Nick’s constant evasion of the army, and even laid the documents Nick had supplied as evidence of forgery.
“But…” sputtered Nick, “These are real documents.  Real, verifiable documents.”
“No, no, young man,” sighed the officer, “Forgeries, blatant forgeries.”  To prove his point he threw them into the trash, his fat arm very casually extended, the saddest smile on his lips.  His eyes, though, were shrewd under their fat lids.
By the end of the week the evidence against Nick was assembled, and he was unanimously declared guilty.  He was conducted to a cell.  A guard was posted at the door.  And then, finally the voices died away, the footsteps died away, the men who seemed to be always talking and conducting him here and there walked away and were gone.  At night the cell was cold.  His breath came out as warm vapor.  The dark night with its cold, glistening stars seeped through the bars and fell like ice upon his hands.  Nick felt lucid.  He felt ashamed.  Not because he had been converted by the officers, who reiterated how treasonous, how traitorous his actions were, but because for so many years he had been insincere.  To the world, certainly.  To himself also.  Now, in a cell, surrounded by bars of hypocrisy and hypocrites in uniforms, he looked inward and was lucid.  He put his head in his hands, and wondered, where had his sky gone?  The blue-gray sky he had always loved?  The sky that to him had been the only true thing, and had attempted to purify him, but had failed, always.  He remembered all his walks in the park, the days he fed the pigeons and looked up at the sky.  All these times, the sky had been trying to tell him something, something his cynical eyes could not probe or fathom.  He thought he half-knew it now, because he was so cold and lonely, like that first night he had sat in his room and felt the humiliation of a name.  Back then it was child’s play, now it was something much bigger.  Names and names and names.  When people tell them to us they mean nothing, not even war.  Even seeing was not enough.  He could watch hungry children and despairing mothers, and be unmoved.  Now he felt it, because he had lost his sky.  But now it was too late.  He was already the traitor.
The next morning all the traitors were hauled, roughly, into the prison backyard.  Burly guards in black uniforms were assembled at the other end.  They were sneering, unpleasantly; one even cracked his knuckles.  Nick knew what was coming; it was the traitors’ first punishment.  He thought of it placidly.  He closed his eyes.  When the guards came up to beat him he did not resist or even scream.  He thought of the upward slope of his childhood dream, and knew that for the first time, he was emerging on the other side.  Pain.  He felt his body thrown around and pummeled mercilessly, the sinews bent and the bones cracking, the curses thrown in his face.  Traitor.  Crystals flying up and slicing his flesh, drawing blood.  All the while a white sky closing in, a different sky, finally coming over.  Then he fell, unconscious, his left leg crumpling beneath him.
He had seen the other side.  He was on it now.
His left leg was broken, and quite unusable.
“No use for the army now, eh?” grunted the doctor, his long, sallow face hovering over Nick.  “Well now it’s dream come true for you, old chap.  You aren’t getting off easy though.  And you won’t like it, oh not a bit.”
Six days later Nick was recovered enough to be dragged out of bed, and to be shoved into a particularly malodorous gray suit.  When the doctor showed him his reflection he was appalled.  He had shriveled up.  His skin was gray and blotchy and sagged in places like paper.  His eyes stared out from sunken sockets with the slow, uncertain caution of an old man.  And all this wrapped up in a suit that hovered about him like a shroud.  So this was the other side, thought Nick, half-disgusted as he reached up to pick at his thin, greasy hair, which had stuck fast to his scalp.  He began to snivel and his nose dripped.
The doctor sneered and called for the officers.  “He’s ready.  You may take him.”
The uniformed men conducted Nick out of the hospital ward and down many turns of corridors and stairs, dimly lit by little oil lamps that flickered in dusty glass.  The president liked antiques, Nick knew, and he smiled sardonically at the lamps.  Their phantom glow lit the way through the grimy building, until eventually they came upon a room that stood at the very end of the prison complex, and Nick was led in.  Inside was just as dimly lit, though here the insulation from the external world had thinned, for through high windows mounted on one side he could just see broken patches of the sky, torn apart like clouds, floating almost like water.  At the center of the room a finely-dressed man with white hair sat on an elevated platform.  He was shuffling documents on his table, and when Nick entered he gave him a swift, piercing glance.  The judge, thought Nick.  Somehow he could not bring himself to feel awe, or even fear.  He began to walk to the seat the guards indicated, then he chanced to look around and almost gasped.  His mother and sisters were sitting on the other end of the room, cast slightly in shadow.  They must have been summoned for his judgment.  His sisters’ faces were somber and downcast.  They had come without their husbands.  His mother was sobbing into a handkerchief, sobbing and not looking at anyone.  She looked old now, too, thought Nick, old and withered up.  He had never thought like this before.  Perhaps growing old himself made him different.  His eyes grew moist.  Suddenly he wanted to rush forward and embrace his mother.  But the uniformed men had grown impatient.  They made Nick sit down.
The judge called for everyone’s attention.  He had a sonorous, placid voice.  He enunciated words calmly.  He was very fair and judicious.  He enumerated Nick’s crimes evenly.  When he peered severely over his spectacles his gaze was very impressive.  When it came for the judgment to be delivered it was even more impressive.  “And the verdict,” said the judge, impassively but with gravity, “Is exile.”
Nick stilled.  Exile.  Merely leaving the country was enough?  But almost immediately he recalled urban gossip he had heard, hushed whispers that exile was not what it seemed, that the men exiled were never seen again.  He did not have time, however, to dwell on his thoughts.  The judge was adjusting his glasses, and presently spoke again; Nick’s mother was allowed to say a final goodbye to him, if she so wished.
Swiftly Nick looked up.  But his mother seemed not to have heard.  Her head was bent low; she was still sobbing into her handkerchief, her sobs low and hoarse and almost inaudible.
One of the uniformed men moved up to her and whispered a few words.  When she shook her head he said it again, more loudly.  “Would you like to say goodbye to your son, madam?”
And suddenly the handkerchief was flung away, suddenly the pale face was lifted, and the black eyes that emerged were hard, as was the voice, strident.  “He is no son of mine!” came her guttural cry, like ice splintering in the silence.  Then abruptly she rose, and hurried out of the room, her daughters trailing behind her.  In the shadows Nick watched her go; no, she would not look at him.  He had not thought it possible.  But she believed them.  She believed him to be a traitor.  All these years he had thought she loved him.  He was wrong; she had merely misunderstood him.  And he had misunderstood too, thought Nick, growing cold.
The sky in the high windows was pale.  It was drifting away.  Like love, thought Nick, only the very thought of love had become revolting for him.  But it is one love or another.  When you love a person you cannot love a thing.  And a country is a thing.
He was on the other side.
The very old man led him to the edge of the world.  He was an old man so old he could not love anymore.  He didn’t love his country, he said to Nick, as though defending himself.  He smacked his sunken lips and his colorless eyes seemed morose.  It was only a job.
Here.  He opened the fence.  It was just a little stretch of wood and timber.  And then beyond was the hoariness, beyond was the wasteland.
The prison was distant behind him now, the prison and the guards in their uniforms.  Merely shapes, watching him, watching him go.
Nick went, crossed the fence.
Goodbye, he said.
Goodbye, said the very old man.  He was already growing colorless, and then his eyes slid away like dew and his body receded till it was a shape, till it was a shadow, and there was only the mist.

That was months ago.  Now Nick was used to the loneliness.  He liked it, even.  Here the sky was large.  It was the whole thing over his head.  He felt that, little by little, he had become the sky and the sky had become him.  And little by little he let himself relax.  He let his bad leg drop, and unclenched his fingers.  As soon as he was unserious he lost the touch of triviality of the vain human, and could take in the sky again.  And at the edge of the horizon was the triangle.  How ridiculous he was, thought Nick, to be still thinking of goals.  But at the edge of the horizon was a shape; not a goal, a shape, a curiosity of sorts that children like to play with.  He decided to go toward it.
It was a very strange land.  He had never felt hungry or thirsty or inclined to any other human instinct.  He supposed the government liked that they were stripping him even of basic instincts.  They thought he would go listless, probably.  What they didn’t know that he had become part of the land, and in his land there was still night and day.
That night it snowed.  When Nick woke up the ground was piled with a thick white snow that seemed at once solid and transparent, and could be a mirror for the sky.  Like powdered moonlight the snow dressed the earth, and hid the sand, the dirt, the unending brown.  Everything was white, except for the shadows, which were purple.  The light itself was somehow brighter, almost ethereal.  For a moment Nick stood in shock, the next full of bliss.  Then he looked up at the horizon, and found that the triangle was gone.
For hours thence he trudged in the snow.  Every half hour or so he looked up at the horizon.  Once or twice he started, as though he had for a split second seen the triangle, only to relapse into silent misery.  But the snow was white and merry; when it encircled him and shook softly from shrubs he felt a new tenderness.  It made him forget, too; it took colors and sounds and made them gently reverberate, and when snow fell it fell softly, with no crash or splinter, but a low wail of music, like a swan’s song.
In the valley of snow he saw a body.  A body purple from the cold, and casting purple shadows.  Nick went up to the body.  It was a body of a man with a tired face and tired limbs.  His eyes were closed.
Suddenly down swooped a huge black raven, alighting softly on the snow just in front of the body.  Its unblinking yellow eyes surveyed Nick grimly.
“Is he dead?” asked Nick.
“Yes,” said the raven.
They were silent for a while.
“Did he die alone?” asked Nick again.
“Yes.”
“Has he no father or brother?”
“None; they are dead.”
“No mother or sisters?”
“None; they are gone.”
“Gone where?”
“To the other side.”
“He or them?”
“He.  They did not go.  He went.”
Another silence.
“But what is that other side?  Why did he go?  Is he happy?  Is he lonely still?”
“He is very lonely,” said the raven.  “He shall always be lonely.  He lived alone and shall die alone.  The sky is alone; it is his.”
“But is he, was he a good man?”
The raven did not answer.  When Nick looked at it again he saw that it was dead, its great yellow eyes closed and its black wings folded at its sides.  Nick went forward to cover it with snow.  The moment the white snow touched the black feathers it began to slide and fall like quicksand, and suddenly the raven was receding and became smoke among the mist, and was part of the dead man.  Nick went to sit beside the dead body.  He looked at the dead man intently.  He looked familiar.  Nick wanted to talk, so he did.  “Well, friend, you are as lonely as I am.  I wonder if you are that raven, or if the raven is you, but I think not.  I think it is a spirit; not yours, the sky’s.  But what about you?  I wonder where you came from.  I wonder why you crossed over.”
The dead man was silent.
“I wonder too,” Nick went on, “I wonder if in your world they butchered pigs.  Did they kill animals too?  Well, I’m sorry for them if that’s true; I mean the animals, not the people.  I’m sorry to say that I eat meat too.  Solidarity is so brief, so fragile, don’t you think?  Men are so apathetic.  But I think it’s about names.  Who get to be men and who get to be pigs.  It’s not fair, is it?”
The dead man was silent.
“I really think there should be no names at all.  Do you know their name for me?  Traitor, yes.  I’m the traitor now.  Even my mother believes them.”  Nick paused a little, looking out at the snow.  Then he continued, “I think it is the power of names.  The power of words.  They mean so little, and yet they can do so much, physically I mean.  Emotionally though they are less than snow, less than clouds, less than the sky.  I wonder if I shall always be lonely, alone.  I don’t mind, now.  I might never learn to love.  But at least, under this sky, I am the Traveler and always will be.  No other name now, do you see?  That’s what the sky has always tried to tell me, that life is like a river that flows without words, nameless.  When a person is lucky enough to intersect with the earth he may learn to love.  Otherwise he is perpetually nameless.  And when he is nearing death he is really coming full circle, no, more like a triangle, linked points that support the sky.  Yes, at least he is nameless.  He does not deceive.  And if he has deceived before he should in the end return to the first snow of his infancy, when he knew no names and was happy.”  He wanted to ask the dead man if he agreed, but just as he was about to do so he decided against it.  Snow was falling again, falling densely but softly, falling like music, or a song still without words.
The dead man was smiling.